{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf100
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Agile/scrum aims to make the development process iterative rather than continuous. Essentially, the development team focuses on creating working prototypes and continuously updating and improving these prototypes. This is in place of developing each portion of the software in stages. I think that this process is definitely working for us. It\'92s cool to see our app change as the weeks go on. I like that there is noticeable progress every time we end a sprint. \
So far we have had a relatively easy time working with our community partners, but just recently they have fallen through on a key piece of our project. We were looking to obtain some data for a showcase that we were doing on Tuesday, and though we were promised the data would be in our hands by Sunday, Tuesday rolled around and we still didn\'92t have it. Thus we had to synthesize the information ourselves. \
My hopes have changed, but my fears have not. I want to write a usable, cool application for the research team, but I am concerned that I do not have the skills necessary to write all of the necessary software. I know I have a team to help me, but I would like to understand everything that goes into the application before it is implemented. }