{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf200
{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Reflect on the agile/scrum process. What are it's started goals? Based on your project so far, is that process achieving those goals for your team? Why/Why not? \
	The agile approach emphasizes adaptation, consistent iteration, and evaluating and rethinking the features, use, or structure of the project throughout development. So far, this process has been beneficial to our goals. As we are all learning a new ecosystem and new languages, it is far easier to make smaller, incremental changes and know that they work, rather than having large deadlines. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Reflect on your communication with your community partner. Do you think you are on the same page? Why/why not? \
	I have been in fairly consistent communication with Luis, essentially our liaison with Prof. Raney\'92s team. Him and I have been able to ask each other quick questions when they come up, so we don\'92t need to call meetings to make sure that we are on the same page. That being said, our group has also had meetings with Luis and other members of the research team for larger scale questions like UI design. \
\
Look back at your hopes and fears from the previous reflection. Have your hopes and fears changed? How? Why? \
	I don\'92t think that my hopes and fears have changed all that much. I am still very optimistic about this project and the direction that it is headed. Furthermore, our group is working very well together and we are not having any issues with working with Prof. Raney\'92s team. Still, android development is really rough at times and the technical side of this project can be a struggle. }